README.md, before:

<div align="center" markdown>

<img src="https://github.com/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes/releases/download/v1.0.0/poster.png" style="width: 100%;"/>

# Import DICOM Volumes

<p align="center">
  <a href="#Overview">Overview</a> •
  <a href="#How-to-Run">How to Run</a> •
  <a href="#Demo">Demo</a>
</p>


[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/supervisely-ecosystem-brightgreen)](https://ecosystem.supervise.ly/apps/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-chat-green.svg?logo=slack)](https://supervise.ly/slack)
![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes)
[![views](https://app.supervise.ly/img/badges/views/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes.png)](https://supervise.ly)
[![runs](https://app.supervise.ly/img/badges/runs/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes.png)](https://supervise.ly)

</div>

# Overview

Import volumes in `DICOM` or `NRRD` format without annotations. Files in `DICOM` format will be automatically converted to `NRRD` format during import.
App is compatible with `.DCM` and `.NRRD` formats, dicom files without `.dcm` extension are also compatible.

#### Input files structure

You can upload a directory or an archive. If you are uploading an archive, it must contain a single top-level directory.
Structure of the directory is not important - app will find all the series and process them.

Directory name defines project name. All volumes in root directory will be moved to dataset with name: `ds0`. Volumes can be placed in any location inside root directory.

Project directory example:

```
.
my_volumes_project
├── Chest.nrrd
├── ...
├── MRHead.nrrd
├── 1.2.840.113704.1.111.6000.1606737510.1
│   ├── 0ae345a9-cf0c-4dd7-b5da-6e58f360b59c.dcm
│   ├── ...
│   └── 0b6a989e-56b8-4e81-98dc-f61ccd05c788.dcm
├── 5f022367-aea6-4d86-b437-50cf9e791dec.dcm
└── my_folder
    ├── CTACardio.nrrd
    ├── MRBrainTumor.nrrd
    └── BaselineVolume.nrrd
```

As a result we will get project `my_volumes_project` with 1 dataset named: `ds0`.

# How to Run

**Step 1.** Add [Import DICOM Volumes](https://ecosystem.supervise.ly/apps/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes) app to your team from Ecosystem

<img data-key="sly-module-link" data-module-slug="supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes" src="https://i.imgur.com/zY6yG0N.png" width="350px" style='padding-bottom: 10px'/>

**Step 2.** Run the application from the context menu of the directory with images on Team Files page

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/ngEGmHJ.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>  

**Step 3.** Press the Run button in the modal window

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/lpijBjZ.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>

**Step 4.** After running the application, you will be redirected to the Tasks page. Once application processing has finished, your project will become available. Click on the project name to open it.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qZvcLOU.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>

### Demo
Example of uploading volumes:
![](https://i.imgur.com/OS7OUym.gif)

Commit message:

Import from agent (#2)
* import files from agent

* import files from agent

README.md, after:

<div align="center" markdown>

<img src="https://github.com/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes/releases/download/v1.0.0/poster.png" style="width: 100%;"/>

# Import DICOM Volumes

<p align="center">
  <a href="#Overview">Overview</a> •
  <a href="#How-to-Run">How to Run</a> •
  <a href="#Demo">Demo</a>
</p>


[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/supervisely-ecosystem-brightgreen)](https://ecosystem.supervise.ly/apps/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/slack-chat-green.svg?logo=slack)](https://supervise.ly/slack)
![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes)
[![views](https://app.supervise.ly/img/badges/views/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes.png)](https://supervise.ly)
[![runs](https://app.supervise.ly/img/badges/runs/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes.png)](https://supervise.ly)

</div>

# Overview

Import volumes in `DICOM` or `NRRD` format without annotations. Files in `DICOM` format will be automatically converted to `NRRD` format during import.
App is compatible with `.DCM` and `.NRRD` formats, dicom files without `.dcm` extension are also compatible.

🏋️ Starting from version `v1.1.0` application supports import from special directory on your local computer. It is made for Enterprise Edition customers who need to upload tens or even hundreds of gigabytes of data without using drag-ang-drop mechanism:

1. Run agent on your computer where data is stored.
2. Copy your data to special folder on your computer that was created by agent. Agent mounts this directory to your Supervisely instance and it becomes accessible in Team Files. Learn more [in documentation](https://github.com/supervisely/docs/blob/master/customization/agents/agent-storage/agent-storage.md).
3. Go to `Team Files` -> `Supervisely Agent` and find your folder there.
4. Right click to open context menu and start app. Now app will upload data directly from your computer to the platform.

#### Input files structure

You can upload a directory or an archive. If you are uploading an archive, it must contain a single top-level directory.
Structure of the directory is not important - app will find all the series and process them.

Directory name defines project name. All volumes in root directory will be moved to dataset with name: `ds0`. Volumes can be placed in any location inside root directory.

Project directory example:

```
.
my_volumes_project
├── Chest.nrrd
├── ...
├── MRHead.nrrd
├── 1.2.840.113704.1.111.6000.1606737510.1
│   ├── 0ae345a9-cf0c-4dd7-b5da-6e58f360b59c.dcm
│   ├── ...
│   └── 0b6a989e-56b8-4e81-98dc-f61ccd05c788.dcm
├── 5f022367-aea6-4d86-b437-50cf9e791dec.dcm
└── my_folder
    ├── CTACardio.nrrd
    ├── MRBrainTumor.nrrd
    └── BaselineVolume.nrrd
```

As a result we will get project `my_volumes_project` with 1 dataset named: `ds0`.

# How to Run

**Step 1.** Add [Import DICOM Volumes](https://ecosystem.supervise.ly/apps/supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes) app to your team from Ecosystem

<img data-key="sly-module-link" data-module-slug="supervisely-ecosystem/import-dicom-volumes" src="https://i.imgur.com/zY6yG0N.png" width="350px" style='padding-bottom: 10px'/>

**Step 2.** Run the application from the context menu of the directory with images on Team Files page

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/ngEGmHJ.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>  

**Step 3.** Press the Run button in the modal window

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/lpijBjZ.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>

**Step 4.** After running the application, you will be redirected to the Tasks page. Once application processing has finished, your project will become available. Click on the project name to open it.

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/qZvcLOU.png" width="80%" style='padding-top: 10px'>

### Demo
Example of uploading volumes:
![](https://i.imgur.com/OS7OUym.gif)
